# General Rules

- Line breaks are important.
- Lines are processed in order.
- Tokens must be separated by whitespace, but the quantity of
  whitespace/indentation isn't important.
- Keywords are case-insensitive (e.g. you can use `softwareSystem` or
  `softwaresystem`).
- Double quote characters (`"..."`) are optional when a property/expression
  contains no whitespace.
- Opening curly brace symbols (`{`) must be on the same line (i.e. the last
  token of the statement, not on a line of their own).
- Closing curly brace symbols (`}`) must be on a line of their own.
- Opening/closing braces are only required when adding child content.
- Use `""` as a placeholder for an earlier optional property that you'd like to
  skip.
- Tags are comma separated (e.g. `Tag 1,Tag 2,Tag 3`) - see [Structurizr -
  Notation](https://structurizr.com/help/notation) for details of how tags and
  styling works.
- The Structurizr CLI will provide some default views and styles when they are
  not specified in your DSL - see [Structurizr CLI -
  Defaults](https://github.com/structurizr/cli/blob/master/docs/defaults.md) for
  details.

In addition, workspaces are subject to the following rules:

- Each view must have a unique "key" (this is autogenerated if not specified).
- Software and people names must be unique.
- Container names must be unique within the context of a software system.
- Component names must be unique within the context of a container.
- Deployment node names must be unique with their parent context.
- Infrastructure node names must be unique with their parent context.
- All relationships from a source element to a destination element must have a
  unique description.

